
# Claim negative values

You can get rich if they are dirty.  It ask for nothing but a camera.  The
cameras is common nowadays, it's 2015 and many mobile phones get two cameras
with them.  Then use any camera to capture dirty behaviours, then claim a
negative value for it.  Seriously, it's a kind of value people get to know.

There are people dumping all kinds of dirties in all sorts of public areas,
all around the world, even when the streets are well paved, the rubbish bins
are well in place.  They might dress decent clothes, speak adequate languages,
but they dump wastes in public areas.  Where it happens, frequent spitting is
part of it.  The dirty rusty fluid transmits diseases, it spreads all over, it
looks filthy.  And the worse is you are walking through it and annoyed to
avoid direct step on it.

You can get rich by video them, the video shows their negative behaviours.  So
if you claim a negative value for it, you get paid off someday, the payment is
a result according to negative value theory.  When negative value get paid,
you get rich, the streets get clean.

Every one would be happy finding so many buildings looks well engineered, it
gives feelings of educated population going to dewell around.  But not.  It's
disgusting once go in.  Negative values come with negative behaviours, you can
get rich by claim and clean negative values.  You can claim 5 or over 50 times
of average daytime earnings for each, make it big enough.  It's okay, you are
supposedly to become rich among many dirty ones.

Negative value is concept of market value, it supposed to go through markets,
not necessarily it doesn't go to courts or talk to lawyers most times.  This
make it get kinds of economic theoretical backgrounds.  So you know it's one
of the big things. 

After showing the negative value, I am supposedly going to script a social
media network system to support it.  But as an really clean and stupid one I
designed a file system instead.  The file system will support each file get a
value, so things can be done more elegently.  I supposedly want to call it
goodogood or goodagood, both would have double good.  But it of course need
more time to do so much good things, but you can gather and claim negative
values, and prepared to be rich.  Let's use another more positive expression:
to get rich by cleaning the world.

Okay and simple, negative value returns cash to you!


<!--
2015 1224 08:59am
vim: set ft=markdown tw=78:
-->
