
<hr />

# A file system as interface to internet

I am a stupid engineer, I am doing stupid engineerings.

What I am doing is to setup a *file system*, then, use it as `interface`
between myself and the internet. [goodogood.me](goodogood.me) is the stupid
file system, it's online and gives all file a *value* attribute.

A file system can be more reliable than depanding on more and more fancy web
interfaces.  When you keep files, you get your data.  Then, there is no
need to ask commercial website's *masters* to give your data back.  Even when
all of them collapsed, we can still easily keep the files in hand.

To work with file is easier and it supports more professional tasks.  There
are many many smart engineers provided good tools to help work with files, in
history and currently they made it works with files, there are more tools we
can use with files.

File can have thousands types, file can support nearly all kinds of tasks.  If
we put a file system in between ourself and the internet,  it can do every
thing for us, works as message and information center, phone call
receiver, web meetings, data and job sharing, and more.  We can
upload all types of files from all of our devices, and fetch them from
somewhere else, and share with others.

What I am trying to push a step forward is to *value* all files,  to give all
files an attribute of `value`, so we can value our files easily.

If we `share values`, not necessarily value of money or cashes, our job
sharing becomes more efficient.  Naturally value sharing will follow economic
principles, this makes it economically *efficient*.  So team members can
prioritize tasks, when a they share work with a lot files and folders.

Accumulating value makes people rich, this is a simple sequence, need no more
explains.

And you can clean the world in the same time.  Because value system alway
inherites designs from God, it's a way to confine human from animal behaviors.
In goodogood file system, We encourge people collecting those bad behaviors as
files, as videos, audios or images.  Then, claim negative value for those
files.  Negative values would be opposed to the positive.  A lot behaviors can
get negative value, such as dropping trashes in public areas.  We hate people
leave dog shit in streets, we can negative valaue it.  The system will fight
for you for a chance to let them pay for the negative values, and clean the
world.



# 

The above is a few reasons why we want a file system, and we want it as
interface between ourself and the internet.


I wrote some programming codes and set up a prototype system, as concept
proven testing.  [It works.](http://www.goodogood.me)

But it could hardly be ready to get on production in short period, at
least not enough as a few weekends, I re-think the [reasons for the file
system I want to setting up.](./reason.md), it turns out the first reason
should be because I am a stupid, the 2nd reason is I like to hack, to do
developments to fullfil my desires of free spiritualities.

As an engineer, commonly, we work on objective points of views.  We work on
principles of other things beyond ourself.  But this time, I have to view it
from my own requirements, it's meself, one of the stupid humankind, who want
this project as:

    1, it's a file system
    2, it should work as interface between me and internet
    3, it should value all file in it.

If you trust me, work with a good file system as the one I am trying to do
will not only help to finish most of our file jobs, but also it can save us
from low back pain and other kind of bone and muscle fatigues.  Because to
kill jobs fast we need tools, but more tools are working on files instead
working on web.  If we use good tools to finish job then we can get time to
play, so we are not going to be Jack.  Jack is a boy, "all work and no
play make Jace a dull boy"?

But we reached the 3td requirement in the list above.  It's to
value files, give value attribute to all files, or at least those made by
humankinds.  Because all human labors get value, high or low.  The value help
optimise labors for our society.  So all files belong to human should be able
to get the value attribute.

As an engineer, we need to be get used to see the list expanding.  But a list
containing three items should be ok, we need test it now.


# Prototype and value adding

I [tried it and set up a prototype](http://www.goodogood.me/), it works for
most time,  I have been writing codes and checking and making it work.  So,
concepts get proved.  [I put my codes to
github](https://github.com/goodagood/gg.git), a few smart guys should be
enough to push it to production level, and done the job, but who knows.

Right now, my codes tends to become sort of spaghetti.  Spaghetti is kind of
delicious food software engineers like to eat.  In china, we call it noodle.
If you follow one piece of noodle, you get to nowhere but another noodle.

For the problem, some programmers claim there is a silver bullet to kill the
troubles in coding, it's not using 'goto' statements, to avoid tangling codes
as noodle.  I didn't use 'goto', but still I chalenge any programmer who can
claim that they never ever get lost in codes that hasn't even a single piece
of 'goto' statement.

One of my concerns is actually that softwares is hard enough.  To try the
project with merely 3 requirements as ours, it require more creativities as
well as accumulation of jobs to do it.  Maybe we can try to value all tasks
such as coding, designs, testing, and those equally important tasks as
organizing, management or even discussions.

It might help to value all tasks going to get involved in the project, so we
can find a way to split them then attack them one by one, it's to design from
top and start from bottom.  The prototype can be finished by single brain, the
production type need more smart guys, their jobs can be tangled in
complexities.  [So I tried to set up value information sub-system to make
things more reasonable](./byte-value.md), it might help to keep value
informations for more small tasks.  In the same time, we need to be creative
as long as we can be accumulative.  Really those high level designs and task
splittings and managements should be respected if they can be implemented on
ground level.

At last, the simple project to set up a file system, work it as interface
between our daily jobs and the internet, in the same time we want value files
in it, value all jobs for the project itself.  The idea has get a prototype to
prove it, but the simple 3 requirements is enough to give lots challenges for
any one willing to try it, or take part in the challenges.  Any one, who you
are, we want to keep your job's value.


<!--
2015 1223 14:04pm
vim: set ft=markdown tw=78:
-->
