
# Negative value

The negative means it's opposite to the positive value.  For positive value, a
buyer might pay out cashes to get the value from it's holder.  For negative
value, it should be reversed, the value holder should pay out in some way, to
the value claimers.

Most times we think value is positive.  For example, we pay for food, the
value is positive because it support us with energy and health.

There should be negative value because a lot is playing against us.  As an
example, some one leave his pet dog shit in public grass,  others has children
play there.  When they won't endure it any more, they can claim negative value
for the dog owner. They can use audio/video file as record of the behaviour,
they can pursuade the payment happen.

Financial punishment for small offences exists in law systems for long.  But
negative value goes into free markets, where every one can claim it when it
happen, then people should be able to negotiate the value.  It should be based
on social media networks, with file system supports, and, it will runs on a
lot softwares. 

Negative value let others get benefits from negative behaviours instead of
suffering it.  It complements the value concepts, it can improve our
enviroment.  It is especially fit for big cities where population keep
updating higher.

Big cities become megacities, the process keeps concentrating population.
People chose to live in megacities because the conveniences living there is
good for living cost.  Compare to black holes in universe, the cost vs
convenience is the gravitional force dragging the massive population into
megacities.  

In megacities, we are seperated from natural elements, so we get to survive
other human beings with more headaches.  Some of them can make us quite sick.
They would leave human wastes in public areas, in streets.  Statistics shows
billions in our world get no sanitation accesses, so it must be harsh
processes to integrate many of them into crowded urban areas.  Only concepts
like negative value can penatrate markets, reach far away to tell every one
how to value our behaviours, especially when we have to crowd in small spaces.

Still there are much can be talked about the concepts and we can keep talking.
But it should be sufficient,  as somehow the positive always comes with the
negative.  We can use both to improve the society.


<!--
2015 12-22 21:05
vim: set ft=markdown tw=78:
-->
