
<hr />

# If we value files

If we value files, we are going to come across questions as:

    What's value
    What's money

No simple answer can be accepted by all.  It's something we think we know.
Then there would be times we find out that we can't give the answer, or we
can't persuade others to accept our answers.  Gentlemen hold their personal
values and behave accordingly.  It can not be achieved to equal money and
value and how people hold it, so we get the endless game.

Money's capabilities can be recognized more easily, for it buying goods and
services, making things happen.  It cost a lot to prepare all needed for a
project.  It cost a lot to make services reliable.  It cost huge if we really
want to maintain in good state.

In the same time, we are going to respect other kind of values.  It can go
beyond daily routines of average people's.  We are going to value software
codes, human labors related and other necessary things.  We are going to
highly value many helpful talks, discussions and texts.  We supposedly going
to value each key stroke on keyboard.  And expect it might be a time in future
when those values accumulate to a degree to turn out to be a good results.

When the system is able to find a way to generate profits, the cash surpluses
should pay for cash investors in first place.  Then we can keep on to find a
way to flow the rest of the cash to other kinds of value contributings.  But
there isn't a simple mathematical equation telling how to do it.  The values
and the profits will get own individualities per se.  It's probably right when
it been generalized to consider every things value, to assume there is no
chance for a central authority making good enough judgements, that fits all.
If no humankind can really set up a central control over every thing.  No one
should be able get rid of other's beliefes and it leads to behaviours.

Who know what's going to happen, when we start to value files?

One step further, what if we want to support negative values?


<!--
2015 1225 14:04pm
vim: set ft=markdown tw=78:
-->
